hello fellow anteaters, this post is to mark the end of eastr petr. just as its fellow petrs of april, it flashed for but a moment and faded away. thank  you all so much for helping me conduct the release of this petr in an organized manner. i want to use a portion of this post to acknowledge and thank all of you in general. there's getting to be a lot of y'all nowadays, so i'm constantly working more and more so that i may reciprocate that growth on the petr end of things. this petr stuff can be difficult at times but every smile, every thank you, every message, every interpretation of petr, every single one of you makes this so worth it. a lot of people credit me for petr, but y'all have yourselves to thank. if not for the massive and constant stream of support you all provide, petr would not be what it is today. i'll get back on track with this specific petr now. while easter in origin is a time of biblical significance, i'm in no way trying to align petr with any potentially polarizing views. most of us have grown to know easter as a time of bunnies, peeps, and scavenger hunts. i don't mean to sound ignorant but i have no clue where the religious correlation lies. all i wanted to do was make a cute design in congruence with themes of the season. i feel as though this dichotomy of easters juxtaposes well with the recent happenings surrounding petr earlier this week. petr is a wholesome figure meant for purposes as such. nobody is to be discriminated when it comes to the usage of petr as it belongs to everyone. the only stipulation i would amend to my original statement on the utilization of petr is to be genuine when doing so. the legacy of petr is not soley established by me, it's defined by all of us and our contributions and interactions with it. i trust all of you a lot with petr, and i trust that you'll all work to bolster as well as preserve its legacy. i didn't mean to be so saccharine with this post but i just wanted to bring some attention to this matter. all in all i'm glad petr is doing well and that y'all are enjoying the ride. see y'all at the end of this week :) #petr
