hello fellow anteaters, this post is to mark the end of petrs. not just original petr or grad petr, but me along with them. it is with damp eyes and a heavy heart that i must inform you all that i will soon be vaulting myself at the end of this school year. i don't know why i felt compelled to do this little tell all before closing out grad petr but it just makes sense. even though this spanned across 10 months, everything still felt all too ephemeral. when i was pondering the thought of petr early on, i could have never foreknown i’d be so woebegone when it was all over. what began as a fragile seedling, quickly rooted itself into the culture at uci. thanks to the influx of support from y’all, it blossomed into a fortified and pulchritudinous flower. i'm sorry that last word was a bit over the top, i don't know why i tend to vocalize myself with such an archaic tongue but i guess it’s just another component of this whole process. anyways let's take things back to the start real quick. first and foremost i must give credit where it is due. bijan kazerooni (@bijzn) was actually the inspiration behind the design, he roused my attention with his nuanced doodle, wil the cat, he created for my high school and deserves acclaim for essentially allowing this to happen. spring quarter last year was the genesis of petr’s design and i paid no heed to the inordinate potential petr had. it wasn’t until the end of that summer when i ordered the first batch of stickers. never could i have foreseen the assemblage of events that would ensue. i can’t stress enough how important each and every one of you has been throughout this entire process, together we cemented petr in uci history. i was always so galvanized by the constant stream of motivation y'all gave to me, i literally could not have done it without all your support. sprinting to drops, solving the riddles, showing off stickers, making memes, creating fan art, becoming petr distributors, and all the other motley things y’all did for petr is what made this craze into a culture. [i once again could not contain myself within the instagram character count please finish reading my letter in the comments if you’d like]
