hello fellow anteaters, this post is to mark the end of pumpkn petr. as a quick prelude for the new friends i've made; upon the vaulting of each petr, i make a post like this which serves as a stream of consciousness with my thoughts regarding both petr and the current pervading tones in life. now let's take things back a little before i get into current times. since my initial retirement, life has sewn a string knotted with unexpected outcomes. never did i expect our lives to abruptly and drastically be turned upside down by the effects of the pandemic. a lot happened since the beginning and my path in life has taken a lot of twists and turns. i'm certain this was the case for many of y'all as well, but alas we've come a long way and returning to normalcy is nigh. one thing i least expected was my resurgence of petr. i'm not sure what spurred my yearning to once more hand out stickers, but i wanted to do what i could to make school a little more fun and interesting with everyone returning to campus. i chose a pumpkin for this petr as it exudes attributes present across the autumn season. the fall time is an interesting time of year; in regards to schooling, it signifies the beginning of the school year. i see this year as a far more significant beginning as it marks the return to much more than just school. we've been sequestered from one another for far too long and to be able to once again revel in life together is something very important we've had a lack of for a while now. i hope that i'll be able to experience more life with all of y'all in the form of bringing petrs to everyone. i am very redundant with this statement, but petr would not be possible without the support of everyone. being able to once again see everyone smile as i hand out stickers was an alien feeling which i thought i'd never experience the likes of once more. i hope that the events of the last few years will give us more appreciation for the experiences we have in life and i hope that i can help add to everyone's experiences even if it's a trvial amount. i will see y'all again soon enough :) #petr
